Update README and CHANGELOG for ES module bundle (#3950)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: packages/govuk-frontend/README.md

Some of the JavaScript included in GOV.UK Frontend improves the usability and
accessibility of the components. You should make sure that you are importing and

> initialising JavaScript in your application to ensure that all users can use it successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
initialising JavaScript in your application. This will ensure all users can use it successfully.
```

Reviewer: Just 1 minor change suggestion

Author: Thanks @claireashworth, all sorted
